He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey.
That was how he got his name.
Hi there, friends.
I'm Billy Johnson, your singing woodsman.
Glad you could come this way up the trail.
How about having a seat beside me here on this log under the old pine tree?
Mighty pretty out here in the forest, isn't it?
That's because we kept fires from running wild through here.
You know, we thought you might enjoy taking time out for a few moments of song and storytelling.
Just across the trail there are those masters of song about America's great outdoors, the Sons of the Pioneers.
They came up today by way of the wagon road.
Wagon wheel.
Keep on a turning.
Roll along.
And sing your song.
Carry me over.
Carry me over the hill.
Go long, mule.
There's a steamer at the landing.
Waiting for this cotton to lower.
Why don't you go along, mew?
A boss is understanding.
There's a pasture at the end of each road.
Wagon wheel.
Rollin', rollin', rollin', wagon wheel.
Keep on a turnin'.
Roll along.
Sing your song.
Wagon we'll carry.
Wagon wheels carry me home.
Wagon wheel.
Well, there's one thing about those wagon traveling days.
If a fella got careless and tossed his rolled cigarette into the dried grass or leaves while it was still lit, and if it started to fire, well, he couldn't have gotten very far down the road without seeing it.
It's different today.
With our fine highways and high-speed cars, folks who are thoughtless or careless with their smokes have started a forest or range fire and have never known what they did.
Now, I'm not trying to say that we should go back to the old horse and wagon days.
What I'm getting at, of course, is that every car and truck on the road today have one or more ashtrays in them.
And I'm thinking it's the duty of every American to use them in their travels, just as they do at home.
Speaking of traveling, have you ever been to Dakota Land?
Let me take you there.
We've reached the land of desert sweet, where nothing grows for man to eat.
The wind, it blows with feverish heat across the plains so hard to beat.
Oh, Dakota land, sweet Dakota land, as on the fiery soil I stand.
I look across the plains and wonder why it never rains till Gabriel blows his trumpet sound and says the rain's just gone around.
We have no wheat, we have no oats.
We have no corn to feed our shoats, our chickens are so very poor, they beg for crumbs outside the door.
Oh, Dakota land, sweet Dakota land, as on thy fiery soil I stand, I look across the plains and wonder why it never rains.
Till Gabriel blows his trumpet sound and says the rain's just gone around.
Our horses are of bronco race.
Starvation stares them in the face.
We do not live, we only stay.
We are too poor to get away.
Oh, Dakota land, sweet Dakota land.
As on that fiery soil I stand.
I look across the plains and wonder why it never rains.
Till Gabriel blows his trumpet sound and says the rain's just gone around.
You know, friends, it's when the rain's just gone around, anywhere in this country, in the grass and leaves are dry as toast.
That's when it's most dangerous to turn fire loose.
And a cigarette thrown out of a moving car window, landing in fuel like that, only needs a little breeze to set a fire off.
It can happen.
It does happen.
It's probably happening right now.
I've seen it for myself.
Say, the sons of the pioneers are motioning over there.
I wonder what they want.
Come on, folks, saddle up and join us on a little ride, or just hike along if you prefer.
On foot or on horseback, now that's the way to really get close to the outdoors, the slow and easy way.
Many times we've traveled down the canyons, getting off whenever we wanted to take a look around or just arrest our horses.
Then we'd have a smoke, crushing the butt on a rock.
You know, the last thing that we'd look at as we remounted was the rock where we'd crushed out our smoke.
The sons of the pioneers have made this a habit.
When chores are over at our ranch house on the plains, and all I've got to do is lay around.
I saddle up my pony And go ridin' down the trail To watch the desert sun go down Ridin' down the canyon
To watch the sun go down, a picture that no artist e'er could paint.
Ooh, white-faced Cataloan on the mountainside.
I hear a coyote whining for its mane.
Cactus plants are blooming.
Sagebrush everywhere.
Granite spires are standing for us.
you most, it's heaven to be riding down the trail when the desert sun goes down.
Say, can't you just picture that?
riding down the canyon with the last rays of the sun, lighting the sky with a color that's a mixture of red and gold.
It's hard to believe, maybe, but you get that same kind of glow from a big forest fire.
That's why we've got to be so careful with our smoking when we're outdoors, with our matches, cigarettes, and pipe ashes.
We've got to stamp them out, crush them out, put them dead out.
whether we're walking, riding, or however we're traveling.
And another thing... Talking about traveling, Billy, now take Suge Fisher here.
He's our bass-playing Romeo.
He has really been around.
I sure do do a lot of moving around, Lloyd, but I'll tell you one cotton-picking thing.
I always use my ashtray in the car.
When I'm a traveling boy, I punch out.
Well, what Shug's saying is he always uses his ashtray, never tosses his matches or smokes out of the car.
That's just what I said.
Yeah, you sure did.
Now, now go to traveling, Don Juan.
Don Juan, he's a gentleman from Mexico.
Don Juan has to moot your way to Romeo.
He sets a senorita's heart to flame across the Rio Grande.
He has a manner that the pretty dark-eyed gals can understand.
I'm a hot tamale from old Mexico, just a senorita's dream.
On a buckskin horse, I'm a total horse, but as a lover, I am supreme.
Got the cutest thing in old Mexico in my fancy store-bought clothes.
Just too divine and a cut of shine.
It doesn't matter where I go.
Don't go!
Now, I pack a gun, but that's all in fun, cause I couldn't even hit the floor.
But I'll tell you, pals, I can move the gals like they've never been moved before.
And the clumsy way you court today only fills me with disgust.
Why can't we, can I, as I pass them by, another maiden bites the dirt?
Young Ma!
Now to tell the tale on the Chisholm Trail, how I charmed the grizzly bear.
She was so beguiled by my pretty smile and the way that I combed my hair.
And a bobcat lay in a tree one day just to take me by surprise.
She dreamed of her and began to fur when I looked into her eyeballs.
Don Juan, he's a gentleman from Mexico.
Don Juan, that's the Moochie Wayne Romeo.
He's at the Signorita's heart to flame across the Rio Grande.
He has a manner that the pretty dark-eyed gal can understand.
Well, look who's coming up the trail now.
Big as life with his ranger's hat and shovel and all togged out in dungarees.
He's the friend of all who love the outdoors.
He's the popular candidate, the people's choice for support this year and every year.
He's Smokey Bear with a special message for us.
Hello there, folks.
I'm sure counting on your support in my campaign against carelessness with fire, especially the fire in lighted cigarettes, cigars, and in pipes.
There's a responsibility that goes with smoking, whether you smoke indoors or outdoors.
That responsibility is to make sure every time that your smoke is out, dead out, when you're through with it.
Well, I'll be seeing you.
And there he goes down the trail.
Thank you, Smokey.
Well, I suppose it's time for you to head back down the trail, too.
Thanks a lot for joining us under the old pine trees.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the United States Forest Service, and this station you're listening to that make these little outdoor get-togethers possible.
Until we say hi to each other again, this is Billy Johnson, your singing woodsman, and those masters of outdoor songs, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to please keep in mind what Smokey Bear says.
Remember, only we, you and I, can prevent forest, woods, and range fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, growlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
He's prowlin' and the growlin' and the sit in the air He can find the fire before it starts to flame That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name
Oh.